# Content Policy

## Introduction to the Epic Interface as a Subsocial Monetization Platform

Welcome to Epic, an application committed to enhancing the digital content landscape. We prioritize quality content and vibrant community engagement, aiming to foster an ecosystem where bloggers and creators share insights and engage meaningfully. Our Content Policy underscores our commitment to maintaining high standards, respecting intellectual property, and guiding content sharing.

### Code Of Conduct 🤘

Please keep these polices in mind when posting or commenting on the Forum.

➕ **Originality and Insight**

Epic champions the creation and sharing of original content that offers valuable insights to our community. We appreciate detailed analyses, innovative ideas, and discussions that foster engagement and growth. Content should not be entirely generated by artificial intelligence, such as ChatGPT.

➕ **Copyright and Intellectual Property**

Publishing content without proper attribution to copyright or intellectual property is not allowed. For content cross-posted from other platforms, include a canonical link to the original source

➕ **Meaningful Engagement**

We encourage interactions that contribute positively to conversations, offering constructive feedback and fostering community connectivity.

➕ **No Spam, No Scam**

Obvious spam is not permitted. Materials intended to harm users or gain unfair advantage, including financial, psychological, or physical harm, are prohibited.

➕ **On-Topic Discussions**

Keep the discussions on-topic. Whilst it’s easy to get distracted and drift off-topic, we ask that you take a second glance at your post / comment / reply and ensure it’s related to the original discussion.

➕ **No Trolling**

Deliberately provoking arguments and posting controversial messages for the sole purpose of creating a response back is not welcomed. Be mindful with your messaging.

➕ **No Explicit Content**

The posting of violent, sexually explicit, or adult content is strictly forbidden. This also applied to user avatars, signatures and other public-facing content.

➕ **No Prohibited Items**

Content related to prohibited substances or weapons is not allowed.

➕ **Harmful Intentions**

Content with the intention to harm the community, project, or other users is prohibited.

### Report Violations

If you’ve seen a post, message or comment which violates this code of conduct, please report it to the Epic moderators or administrators as soon as possible. We rely on our community to help keep the discussions respectful and productive.

### Causes for an Immediate Ban (being hidden) from the Epic application ⛔️

Some rules bend, some are flexible, but some are set in stone with no room for flexibility. The following offences will result in an immediate and permanent ban from the Epic interface. Note that everything will still be available on the Subsocial blockchain, just not on the Epic application.

⛔️ **Discrimination**

Any discriminatory, Offensive, Insulting language and / or the intent to cause harm.

⛔️ **Scamming**

Attempting to phish, scam or manipulate users into a potential scam.

⛔️ **A 3 Flag Rule**

A minimum of 3 warnings / flags is needed [Excluding the above reason] for a moderator or admin to make a justifiable decision to ban. A ban can not reversed and any new alt-accounts made will also be banned.

### Cause for Flagging 🚩

Flagging is welcomed and appreciated by the mod team, but let’s make sure we’re flagging the right stuff.

🚩 **Spamming**

Constantly posting repeated content will be regarded as spam and the content will be removed.

🚩 **Off-Topic Discussions**

Posts and comments which have leaned away from the original topic may be flagged and either moved, urged to edit or removed.

🚩 **Anything that breaks Epic’s policies**

Posts and comments which have broken the code of conduct and Epic polices are to be flagged by the community if noticed.

### Your Contact Points

Please refer to the list below for your go-to contact points regarding the Epic.

#### [Report](https://epicapp.net/c/report) | [Appeal](https://epicapp.net/c/appeal) | [Discuss in official chat](https://epicapp.net/c/ask)
